ICSP and IDMS interoperability release note 4.13 (#72316)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-13-release-notes.adoc

$ oc adm release info 4.13.27 --pullspecs
----

[id="ocp-4-13-27-bug-fixes"]
==== Bug fixes

> * Previously, `ImageDigestMirrorSet` (IDMS) and `ImageTagMirrorSet` (ITMS) objects could not be used if there were any `ImageContentSourcePolicy` (ICSP) objects in the cluster. As a consequence, to use IDMS or ITMS objects, you needed to delete any ICSP objects in the cluster, which required a cluster reboot. With this change, ICSP, IDMS, and ITMS objects now function in the same cluster at the same time. As a result, you can use any or all of the three types of objects to configure repository mirroring after the cluster is installed. For more information, see xref:../post_installation_configuration/preparing-for-users.html#images-configuration-registry-mirror_post-install-preparing-for-users[Understanding image registry repository mirroring]. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHIBMCS-185[RHIBMCS-185])

Reviewer: A few suggestions to consider

```suggestion
* Previously, `ImageDigestMirrorSet` (IDMS) and `ImageTagMirrorSet` (ITMS) objects could not be used if there were any `ImageContentSourcePolicy` (ICSP) objects in the cluster. As a result, to use IDMS or ITMS objects, you needed to delete any ICSP objects in the cluster, which required a cluster reboot. With this release, ICSP, IDMS, and ITMS objects now function in the same cluster at the same time. As a result, you can use any or all of the three types of objects to configure repository mirroring after the cluster is installed. For more information, see xref:../post_installation_configuration/preparing-for-users.html#images-configuration-registry-mirror_post-install-preparing-for-users[Understanding image registry repository mirroring]. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHIBMCS-185[RHIBMCS-185])
```
